this is the most powerful and
feature-rich phone on the market right
now it's the asus rog phone - it's got a
snapdragon 855 plus it's got 120 Hertz
AMOLED display it's got 12 gigs of ram
512 gigs of storage it's got a lot of
amazing hardware in this thing but the
problem is that it's a gaming phone and
traditionally gaming phones are just not
a great purchase so I did a video last
year entitled I think what's called our
gaming phones worth it or a gaming
phones a ripoff and the conclusion I
made at the end of the video was that
for most people they shouldn't be
purchasing gaming phones there's just
not a good value even if you're looking
for something that's really high
performance but this phone is different
because I feel like they geared the RG
phone to to be appealing to people that
aren't even interested in games at all
like if you just want a high performance
phone that just kicks ass this is that
phone now if you look at the specs on
this thing obviously it's going to
perform well the Snapdragon 855 plus is
overclock the CPU and the GPU
overclocked the GPU in particulars
bumped up by like 15% so when I run
benchmarks on this thing it's a clear
leader and package that with 12 gigs of
RAM and 512 gigs of uf s3 storage it's
very fast granted this is an engineering
sample I don't know the exact
configurations that they'll have for
their retail units but this engine
example is it's super fast and then the
screen so this is a 120 Hertz AMOLED
display and I did a video recently about
how I switched over to the oneplus 7 pro
as my phone of choice and the main
reason why I chose this phone was
because of the display I don't love the
size of this phone I don't even love the
curved edges on this display but because
that 90 Hertz AMOLED screen is so smooth
and so nice I mean that just trumps
everything else I absolutely love the
screen on this phone this screen is even
faster it's 120 Hertz now my eye can
actually discern the difference between
the two it'll be impossible to show this
difference on a video that's being shown
at 24 frames per second but I think most
people can actually tell this apart I'm
not saying that the 90 Hertz is trash
and compared to the 120 Hertz like not
at all but if you're looking for like
the smoothest possible experience the
120 is faster and because the RG phone 2
is a gaming phone there's more support
from game developers that
make use of the higher refresh screen on
this phone the one plus seven pro as
fast as the screen is at 90 Hertz there
are a lot of games that don't display 90
frames per second on this screen so if
you're looking for the smoothest
possible experience right now this is
the phone to get I'm someone who doesn't
play a lot of mobile games I play a lot
of shooters on PC I love high refresh
games but mobile gaming is just not my
jam I actually remember there was a
comment on one of my videos about mobile
phones where someone was like there are
more gaming phones on the market right
now then there are mobile games worth
playing and like I found that kind of
hilarious but at the same time somewhat
true because there's just not a lot of
mobile games that appeal to me but
despite that despite not being like a
big mobile gamer when I see mobile games
take advantage of a high refresh screen
I can't help but be impressed like stuff
like vainglory looks so good on this
phone the overclocked Snapdragon and the
120 Hertz AMOLED display really do
justice to the games that support this
kind of high performance hardware now
there's other stuff to this phone that
make it kind of gamer friendly it's got
the air triggers on the top which allow
you to bind these kind of pseudo buttons
at the top of the device they're not
actually physical buttons that depress
it's more of a capacitive sensor that
when you press that area it can trigger
a software button in the game and allows
you to just give extra functionality
within games they've improved on the
latency and the sensitivity of it so it
feels a little better compared to the
last year's version and it also has some
great speakers these are loud they're
clear they're well positioned right in
the front like these are significantly
better speakers than the ones on the
oneplus 7 pro and it also has the RGB
lighting on the back this is something
that's honestly a little gimmicky but it
is kind of cool to change the color of
the light on the back of your phone it's
clearly not for everyone it's not even
for me but for the people that are
interested in this kind of stuff they
have that availability and you can also
turn it off if you don't like it you
also have simple hardware upgrades like
they have a fingerprint sensor that's
built to the screen this year the camera
hard was improved it's now running a
wide-angle lens so the components on
this device are excellent but it is a
gaming phone right and like I said in
the beginning the video gaming phones
are traditionally not that great of a
Buy but thankfully this year they did a
couple things that make this thing
appealing to more people so first the
design of this phone last year's ROG
phone had
a lot of copper accents on the front and
the back this year it's just slightly
more muted the copper on the front is
not as visible and on the back there's
only kind of a sliver of that copper so
it's a cleaner design and the
international version of this phone is
supposed to be matte black consider this
glossy material and the vent is also
functional this time like the vent last
year was more of a aesthetic gimmick
this is a functional event this year but
more importantly is the software they've
finally decided to support stock Android
right out of the box so when you boot
this thing up for the first time you can
choose between stock Android or their
over-the-top ROG theme and I think for
most people in North America they're
gonna opt for the stock Android
experience and it's something that
really shapes what this phone can be one
of my biggest criticisms of the original
RG phone was the software it was just
super over-the-top they had this extra
thick layer of like ROG sauce over the
entire UI the phone had pretty good
hardware last year but that software
experience just soured the whole thing
but this year stock Android right out of
the box it's something that maybe they
learned from like the zenfone 6 launch I
like it and I think it really makes this
phone usable and appealing to a lot of
people the only app in here that isn't
part of stock Android is their armory
crate and that's the thing that controls
the lighting and the overclocking
capabilities so it's a necessary app
everything else is just part of stock
Android so I think that alone like that
one change alone makes this phone so
much more appealing across the board the
battery life that's another thing that's
pretty interesting this is rocking a
6,000 milliamp hour battery I haven't
been able to test it properly I've only
had this thing for a few days but it
definitely has a longer battery life
than my one plus seven Pro granted it's
a bigger device it's thicker it's
heavier than the 1 + 7 probe but that's
kind of the price you have to pay for
some big boy battery life so the ROG
phone - this is a device that is much
improved over the first iteration it's
got better hardware significantly better
software and I think for people that are
gamers like this is a pretty obvious
option it's powerful it's great for
mobile games but even from people that
don't play games and just want a high
performance phone that is really solid
overall I think this fits the ticket
this year ok hope you guys enjoyed this
video thumbs we liked it subs we loved
it see you
[Music]